docs: adding versioning and upgrade informations (#22)
sighupio/fury-distribution: README.md

Check the [compatibility matrix][compatibility-matrix] for additional informations about previous releases of the modules.

> Also, check the [versioning][versioning] section to know more about the versioning scheme of the distribution and the upgrade path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, check the [versioning documentation file][versioning] to know more about the versioning scheme of the distribution and the upgrade path.
```
